ARCHIVE  
LT & EN  
2022-08-07

# The end

Taigi. Atejo laikas padaryti tai, ką žadėjau – parašyti dokumentaciją. And in fact, I will do this in English. I have no idea why I stopped using English in my posts… The main idea was to write everything in English… Probably I was just too busy and lazy at the same time. Ech, whatever…

Where do I begin?

I should probably point out that this will be kind of boring post. That is what documentations is all about – boringness… No. I should not make it boring. How do I do that?

So this is the end – you can imagine it being the end of the world, or just the end of someone’s life. But the mood should be clear. Something just ended. It had to. And it did. Everything has a beginning. Everything has an end.

Writing right now feels a bit pointless. As everything has already cooled down. But I should still do it, just to maintain the order in my life.

So this is my Waving Goodbye, as I said before. First of all, why now? If I had known how to properly and easily get rid of some activities, I would’ve done it already in February. But at that time I realized – I don’t know how to get rid of activities, how to say no. Because I never needed that. The only problem was to GET new activities. And now it is happening automatically, cuz the school year is over.

–edit from 2022-08-07–

yeah, I will never end writing this boring post. So just some goodbyes, some not-goodbyes and some hellos below… Maybe one day I will write some posts about them but for now I am putting all my focus on writing “Sniegas”.

Goodbye to Lindy hop
Goodbye to Climbing
Goodbye to Volunteering
Goodbye to Living in parents’ property
Not goodbye to Slam
Not goodbye to Teaching
Hello to Skateboarding
Hello to Making Something By Myself
Hello to Reading
Hello again to Writing
Hello to Creating And Recording Music
Naglis

2022-08-07
